Elephants that get killed by poachers don't often have the opportunity to learn how to avoid death traps.  Even farmers with good intentions trying to teach these elephants not to cross the line with electric fences aren't teaching the elephant a darn thing.  There's no lesson learned after death.

You learn not to touch fire, look both ways before crossing the street, eat right, but how about death?

Vaccinations taught our bodies to recognize viruses and adapt.  So how do we apply this knowledge to teach our bodies about death without actually dying?  Death by trauma would be instantaneous, obviously there would be no learning there but in the case with death by old age how do we learn?  We know there are situations where a person near death have recovered so it is definitely possible.

Just as the farmers wanted to teach the elephants not to cross the line into the farm, what is a grand scheme in biological endeavors for humans to learn to survive death?  What are we doing wrong?  Humans accumulate errors in their DNA so death is the correction after reaching a critical accumulation of errors.  How do we prevent these accumulations of error?  Our efforts are clearly not good enough.  What is this lesson life is trying to teach us?  Mutations are necessary to survive predators so exactly how do we survive both predators and death by mutations?  Rather than resisting mutations, we must adapt to survive mutations.

During an online course in Machine Learning, I learned that any part of the brain can learn in a very simple way using the same method.  If you cut the wiring from the ear to the auditory cortex then re-route optic nerve to the auditory cortex you'll get an auditory cortex that can see.  It should be possible to use this discovery in neural networks to teach the body about reproduction on the whole "self" organism.

Data that could possibly help solve this:  Centarians' lifestyles, heart attack survivors, cancer survivors.



REFERENCE

http://www.holehouse.org/mlclass/08_Neural_Networks_Representation.html

