Time travel has been on my mind lately.  It started with a few simple questions.  How do I send a message to my future self?  I can write a letter, put it in a bottle and open it at some later time.  Done.

Now, I'd like to go in the opposite direction.  I'd like to receive a message back from my future self.  Sounds simple enough.  So I searched online for "time travel" and read the wikipedia article.  Going back in time is not easy.  Time travel is mostly possible in the forward direction.

"What would that message be? What would you want to change in your past to change the future?"

Going forward in time travel is hard.  And nearly impossible to go back in time.  There are just so much more complexities involved in traveling back in time.  There are some theories suggesting you can't travel back in time because you might cease to exist if you avert your own birth such as in the example from the grandfather paradox.

 

 


In my question about time travel, I'm suggesting communication as an extension of my future self, present self and past self to do the time traveling.

Information is the medium for Time Travel

Different types of traveling back in time

1. Event

2. Communication

3. Physical

Quantum entanglement may at first seem possible for Faster Than Light communication but how can I physically get my message to my past self because I can't move fast enough?  But alas, that is not possible.  Apparently, it has been proven that quantum entanglement can not be used for communication time travel.  This requires more research.

What is possible today but requires work is using data science tools, Cognitive computing and genetic information to make health predictions and lifestyle changes.  There are some things we know about our future that is certain.  That message we received is from the future.  The more information you have, the better your future.



REFERENCES

Time Travel

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Time_travel

Most movies about traveling back in time obey the Novikov Self Consistency principle:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Novikov_self-consistency_principle

Developer's platform for healthcare apps.

http://clinical.meteor.com/

Inspirational story about destiny
