Being old has unjustly had a bad reputation until now ... Now being old means you're a survivor, someone who has adapted to the changing environment.  If you are reading this then you probably know that one of the new survival skills is accepting of emerging technology.  You may have noticed that the usual getting a degree then a job doesn't exist anymore.  Data is the new gold rush.  Women's role in society is changing for the better.  Quantum physics will change our world as we know it.  Accessing immediate healthcare could make the difference between life and death.  That involves giving up some personal information, going outside your comfort zone.

From my own personal experience, I found that getting a doctor's appointment involved some ingenuity.  Working with new online tools helped me get an appointment I would otherwise have gotten in 3 months time.  That is becoming the new norm in healthcare.

A leader of a well known company once shared a story about how his father saved his own life by having invented a resuscitating device 10 years before he had a heart attack.  If you want to help yourself in the future, you can start by sharing your health information online to improve our understanding of diseases to find a cure.  The speed at which we can advance depends on how quickly we can get this information.



REFERENCES

Why do people die arhttp://nationalhumanitiescenter.org/ows/seminars/tcentury/FeminineMystique.pdf

found the holidays:

http://www.cnn.com/2013/12/23/health/christmas-death-rate/

The word for women's role in society defined in the 60's and applies even today:

