Mary, John, Jill, Joe.  What's in a name?  Everyone is unique but for some reason, common names are favored over unique names.  People are not remembered for their names but rather through their contributions which suggests humans are the type of species not concerned with individuals, similar to an ant colony.  Perhaps, this trend in baby names represents the current mindset because humans have not yet achieved physical immortality.  We are still mere ants in this vast universe.

The Trumpeter bird is a fascinating species where only the alpha pair mates and breeds while others take care of the alpha pair’s brood.  This is one example of where the “The whole is greater than the sum of its parts” – Aristotle, which might lead us to believe that individuals in humans don’t matter.  I don’t believe people are like the Trumpeter bird.  I believe individuals do matter with certain species such as humans.

My question “Does the individual matter?” came about from the conversations on TedX regarding DeExtinction.  One of the questions asked on TedX is, “Which extinct species should be brought back to existence?”  Although, the conversation revolves around extinct animals my question “Does the individual matter?” is directed to people.  Other life forms are critical for human survival and in having these conversations I hope that the individual particularly with humans doesn’t get lost.  In essence, deceased individuals are extinct.  So then, “Who should be brought back to life?”  My vote is for those who have contributed the best of humanities to be on the top of the list such as Amelia Earhart, Martin Luther King Jr, Helen Keller, Benjamin Franklin, Rosa Parks, Einstein, Shirley Temple, Leonardo Da Vinci, Eleanor Roosevelt, Gandhi, John Lennon, Steve Jobs to name a few.

Next, I hope to focus most of my efforts on the HOW: How to achieve physical immortality?

by Christie Ewen (c) 2013

REFERENCES:

The importance of baby names:

http://www.freakonomics.com/tag/baby-names/

The behavior and ecology of Trumpeter:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trumpeter_(bird)
