At birth, every person has a beginning of time - a unique opportunity at life.  And for as long as we have known, every person will ultimately have an end of time at death (for the lucky ones) by old age.  Death is inevitable so why even talk about?

You can spend your entire life worrying about death and in the end you will never have lived. There’s a great quote from the movie Shawshank Redemption: “Get busy living, or get busy dying.”  It would be a waste of life to just worry about something you have no control over ... until now.

We are living in an era where it is possible to solve life’s complex problem of death -  computers, artificial intelligence, cognitive computing, social networking, open source collaboration makes it possible.

Where do we start?  You would need to take all the information about physics, biology, latest news, rules of life, chemistry, art, history and use an open source platform.  Feed all that information with regards to the rules of life into a computer with guidance from the public to get your answer.  In 1997, IBM supercomputer Deep Blue won chess against the champion chess player Gerry Kasparov.  2011, IBM Watson won the game Jeopardy.  2013, IBM Watson system aids cancer research.  2015 and beyond, ???

According to IBM, "The goal is to have computers start to interact in natural human terms across a range of applications and processes, understanding the questions that humans ask and providing answers that humans can understand and justify."

I don’t have a background nor the resources to solve this problem on my own.  Like me, there are many people with unique abilities who would contribute if given the opportunity such as an open source platform.  No contribution is too small to get closer to an answer.

What is Life? [Life is programmable]

From an engineering perspective, the planning starts with designing the algorithm for immortality then the DNA design.  Implementation will most likely require a deeper understanding of the physics of immortality.  Quantum mechanics is attractive because what is impossible appears possible at the quantum level.  Just as E = mc² was the blueprint for our view of the universe, we need to start with the basics.  Based on that mathematical foundation about energy and matter, we now have an alternative energy source (nuclear).

What is life?  Life is a struggle for energy.

Human life does not use energy efficiently.  10% of consuming available energy is actually used for work.  Figuring out how human life can use energy more efficiently is part of the equation.

Another idea about life comes from an unlikely source Ayn Rand: "Every living thing must grow. It can't stand still. It must grow or perish.”  Other rules about life is that life works with death (such as apoptosis).  Gathering information about the rules of life and death would be the Q/A for a supercomputer like IBM Watson to help solve for X.  This can be done!

When I thought about proposing this idea to Google's Solve For X, I was hesitant about submitting this idea because as I was writing the proposal, this problem did not seem that "hard".

 

 
"We choose to go to the moon in this decade and do the other things, not because they are easy, but because they are hard, because that goal will serve to organize and measure the best of our energies and skills, because that challenge is one that we are willing to accept, one we are unwilling to postpone, and one which we intend to win, and the others, too." -- John F. Kennedy







Correction 3/14/2015: Misspelled Shawshank Redemption.
