by Christie Ewen

One night at a bar, I had a deep discussion about my website - Quest for Physical Immortality.  It is clearly a sign of changing tides when I tell people "my quest for physical immortality" is about science and it doesn't sound crazy.  So the conversation went something like this ...  (Please note this is a casual conversation.  This conversation reminded me of some comments I read online so I put some references here.  I think it's important to give credit where credit is due.  If you find my website helpful, I would appreciate the same.):

She: "If someone gave you a lot of money to live your dream, what would that be?"

Me: "I would want to work on developing physical immortality."

She: "Fascinating!  Wouldn't it be boring to live forever?  To do the same thing over and over again?"

Me: "Not everyone gets to live forever.  It takes effort and energy.  Immortality does not come in a bottle, some magic potion you take once then ... tada you live forever.  Think about centenarians, cancer survivors, disaster survivors - they didn't sit on their butts being bored."

She: "So who decides who gets to live forever?"

Me: "We all do.  It's a consensus.  It's based on who is deserving and able to contribute to mankind.  Should certain convicted criminals ever be allowed to live forever?  Justice is not properly served for certain criminals who merely gets a death sentence.  For certain criminals, the appropriate sentence is 'complete obliteration'.  This is an extreme example and unfortunately a reality. (There's a fine line here that could go down the wrong path into something like ethnic cleansing.  This kind of ethical discussion among others is very important and should be revisited but should not hinder progress.)."

She: "Forget criminals, I'm talking about regular people who are poor.  I would think that immortality would only be available to the ultra rich.  So then someone who is born into poverty would not be able to live forever."

Me: "It is unlikely (but not impossible)"

What is most likely to cause your untimely death? http://b-gat.es/1bVc2z9 pic.twitter.com/1Enl6jCNGX
What is most likely to cause your untimely death? http://b-gat.es/1bVc2z9 pic.twitter.com/1Enl6jCNGX
She: "That's not right."

Me: "We already decide.  Someone born into poverty is at high risk for mortality.  There is going to be plenty of ethical debates but we're not there yet.  Let's cross that bridge when we get there.  There's still a lot of work to do. (In the scope of this vast universe, mankind could be endangered if we don't solve this puzzle.)"

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/12/10/rainbow-gravity-theory-universe-beginning_n_4418017.html
