"How will immortality be achieved?  If I see death coming, I run the other way."

An intoxicated woman posted a picture of her feet with a view from the roof where she fell off of and prophetically died the next day.  Lesson:  Avoid alcoholic beverages and unsafe places.

An American man died late afternoon while running on a treadmill alone in a gym while on vacation in Mexico.  Lesson: Avoid traveling to countries where public safety is not a high priority.

During the 9/11 plane crash, some didn't listen when told to stay in the office at the World Trade Center.  Lesson: Trust your gut.

Our fascination with news and scary movies comes from our need to avoid making those same fatal mistakes.  The more information or DATA you have, the better your decisions will be for living longer.

BIG DATA --> Make sense of the information --> Take action

A well known fact is that many avoidable accidents involve alcohol.  Although alcohol is socially acceptable, alcohol in any amounts is actually unhealthy.  If you're setting rules such as drinking only in social situations, drinking only after 12 noon then it's like setting rules on how you're not going to catch fire while playing with fire.

Without hope, without purpose, life yields death.  Removing yourself from the world is what winds down your body and slows your clock to a halt.  The essence of consuming alcohol is to forget, a desire to unlearn certain usually painful, harmful information.  That is an incomplete conclusion.

Mitochondria supplies energy where energy is required.  Without purpose, there is no energy.

Everyone is unique but we're not unique to deaths caused by accidents.  As far as the universe is concerned, it is indifferent.  The longer you live the more likely you will die.  Survival requires putting in ever increasing Effort.

I was inspired by CHVRCHES "Dead Air".  This song reminds me of a battle cry to enter the fire.







EDITS

10/2/2015 6:14pm EST Edited: Lesson: Avoid traveling to countries where its citizens are oppressed by the government.

10/2/2015 6:02pm EST Edited: A well known fact is that many accidents involve alcohol.

10/2/2015 5:51pm EST Edited: During the 9/11 plane crash, some people told others to stay in the office at the World Trade Center.



REFERENCES

http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/deid

Chimera

Dreams

Mirror images

Human individual classifcation systems

bioinformatics

WIRED magazine
